ene_AlH3_rhf_sto3g                  #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_sto3g                  #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_CaCl2_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_HBr_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_HI_rhf_sto3g                    #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_KCl_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_sto3g                  #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_sto3g                  #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_sto3g                   #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_321g                   #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_321g                   #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_CaCl2_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_HBr_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_HI_rhf_321g                     #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_KCl_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_321g                   #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_321g                   #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_321g                    #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_631g                   #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_631g                   #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_631g                    #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_631g                    #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_631g                    #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_631g                    #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_631g                    #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_631g                   #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_631g                    #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_631g                   #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_631g                    #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_631gs                  #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_631gs                  #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_631gs                   #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_631gs                   #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_631gs                   #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_631gs                   #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_631gs                   #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_631gs                  #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_631gs                   #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_631gs                  #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_631gs                   #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_631gss                 #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_631gss                 #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_631gss                  #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_631gss                  #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_631gss                  #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_631gss                  #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_631gss                  #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_631gss                 #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_631gss                  #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_631gss                 #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_631gss                  #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_ccpvdz                 #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_ccpvdz                  #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_ccpvdz                  #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_ccpvdz                  #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_ccpvdz                  #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_ccpvdz                  #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
grad_AlH3_b3lyp_def2sv_p            #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_BeH2_b3lyp_def2sv_p            #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_CH4_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_H2O_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_HBr_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_KCl_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_LiF_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_MgO_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_NaCl_b3lyp_def2sv_p            #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_NH4_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_PH3_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_SiH4_b3lyp_def2sv_p            #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_SO2_b3lyp_def2sv_p             #DFT test with DEF2-SV(P) basis set
grad_AlH3_b3lyp_def2svp             #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_BeH2_b3lyp_def2svp             #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_BH3_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_CH4_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_H2O_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_HBr_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_KCl_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_LiF_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_MgO_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_NaCl_b3lyp_def2svp             #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_NH4_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_PH3_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_SiH4_b3lyp_def2svp             #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_SO2_b3lyp_def2svp              #DFT test with DEF2-SVP basis set
grad_AlH3_b3lyp_def2svpd            #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_BeH2_b3lyp_def2svpd            #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_CH4_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_H2O_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_KCl_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_LiF_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_MgO_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_NaCl_b3lyp_def2svpd            #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_NH4_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_PH3_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_SiH4_b3lyp_def2svpd            #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
grad_SO2_b3lyp_def2svpd             #DFT test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_psb5_rhf_631g	            #RHF test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb5_rhf_631gss	            #RHF test with s, p and d basis functions
ene_acetone_rhf_321g                #RHF test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb3_blyp_631g	            #BLYP test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb3_blyp_631gss	            #BLYP test with s, p and d basis functions
ene_psb3_b3lyp_631g	            #B3LYP test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb3_b3lyp_631gss	            #B3LYP test with s, p and d basis functions
ene_psb3_libxc_lda_631g             #LIBXC lda functional test
ene_psb3_libxc_gga_631g             #LIBXC gga functional test
ene_psb3_libxc_hgga_631g            #LIBXC hybrid functional test
ene_wat2_mp2_631g	            #MP2 test with s and p basis functions
ene_wat2_mp2_631gss	            #MP2 test with s, p and d basis functions
grad_psb3_b3lyp_631g                #B3LYP gradient test with s and p basis functions
grad_psb3_b3lyp_631gss              #B3LYP gradient test with s, p and d basis functions
grad_ch3conhch3_b3lyp_ccpvdz        #B3LYP gradient test with s, p and d basis functions
grad_nacl_b3lyP_def2svp             #B3LYP gradient test with s, p and d basis functions 
grad_wat_b3lyp_ccpvdz               #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_c10h9o2s_b3yp_def2svp          #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_daspi_meoh_b3lyp_6-31g         #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_hbdi_meoh_libxc_blyp_def2sv_p  #BLYP point charge gradient test
grad_naip_meoh_libxc_pbeh_def2svp   #PBE0 point charge gradient test
grad_ncnaip_b3lyp_631gss            #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_rpsb_meoh_rhf_321g             #RHF point charge gradient test
opt_wat_rhf_631g	            #RHF geometry optimization test with s and p basis functions
opt_wat_rhf_ccpvdz	            #RHF geometry test with s, p and d basis functions
opt_nh4_pbe_def2svp                 #DFT geometry test with s, p and d basis functions
