ene_AlH3_rhf_sto3g                #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_sto3g                #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_CaCl2_rhf_sto3g               #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_HBr_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_HI_rhf_sto3g                  #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_KCl_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_sto3g                #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_sto3g               #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_sto3g                #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_sto3g                 #RHF test with STO-3G basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_321g                 #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_321g                 #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_CaCl2_rhf_321g                #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_HBr_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_HI_rhf_321g                   #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_KCl_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_321g                 #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_321g                #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_321g                 #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_321g                  #RHF test with 3-21G basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_631g                 #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_631g                 #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_631g                 #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_631g                #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_631g                 #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_631g                  #RHF test with 6-31G basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_631gs                #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_631gs                #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_631gs                #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_631gs               #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_631gs                #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_631gs                 #RHF test with 6-31G* basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_631gss               #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_631gss               #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_631gss               #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_PO4_3_rhf_631gss              #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_631gss               #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_631gss                #RHF test with 6-31G** basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_ccpvdz               #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_ccpvdz                #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_ccpvdz                #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_ccpvdz                #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_ccpvdz                #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_ccpvdz                #RHF test with cc-pVDZ basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_def2svp              #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_def2svp              #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_CaCl2_rhf_def2svp             #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_HBr_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_HI_rhf_def2svp                #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_KCl_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_def2svp              #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_PH3_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_def2svp              #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_def2svp               #RHF test with DEF2-SVP basis set
ene_AlH3_rhf_def2svpd             #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_BeH2_rhf_def2svpd             #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_BH3_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_CH4_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_H2O_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_KCl_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_LiF_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_MgO_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_NaCl_rhf_def2svpd             #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_NH4_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_PH3_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_SiH4_rhf_def2svpd             #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_SO2_rhf_def2svpd              #RHF test with DEF2-SVPD basis set
ene_psb5_rhf_631g	          #RHF test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb5_rhf_631gss	          #RHF test with s, p and d basis functions
ene_acetone_rhf_321g              #RHF test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb3_blyp_631g	          #BLYP test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb3_blyp_631gss	          #BLYP test with s, p and d basis functions
ene_psb3_b3lyp_631g	          #B3LYP test with s and p basis functions
ene_psb3_b3lyp_631gss	          #B3LYP test with s, p and d basis functions
ene_psb3_libxc_lda_631g           #LIBXC lda functional test
ene_psb3_libxc_gga_631g           #LIBXC gga functional test
ene_psb3_libxc_hgga_631g          #LIBXC hybrid functional test
ene_wat2_mp2_631g	          #MP2 test with s and p basis functions
ene_wat2_mp2_631gss	          #MP2 test with s, p and d basis functions
grad_psb3_b3lyp_631g              #B3LYP gradient test with s and p basis functions
grad_psb3_b3lyp_631gss            #B3LYP gradient test with s, p and d basis functions
grad_ch3conhch3_b3lyp_ccpvdz      #B3LYP gradient test with s, p and d basis functions
grad_nacl_b3lyP_def2svp           #B3LYP gradient test with s, p and d basis functions 
grad_wat_b3lyp_ccpvdz             #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_c10h9o2s_b3yp_def2svp        #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_daspi_meoh_b3lyp_sto3g       #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_hbdi_meoh_libxc_blyp_sto3g   #BLYP point charge gradient test
grad_naip_meoh_libxc_pbeh_sto3g   #PBE0 point charge gradient test
grad_ncnaip_b3lyp_sto3g           #B3LYP point charge gradient test
grad_rpsb_meoh_rhf_sto3g          #RHF point charge gradient test
opt_wat_rhf_631g	          #RHF geometry optimization test with s and p basis functions
opt_wat_rhf_ccpvdz	          #RHF geometry test with s, p and d basis functions
opt_nh4_pbe_def2svp               #DFT geometry test with s, p and d basis functions
